Fixed typos + Enhanced ReadMe (#103)
brittanyjoiner15/eui-event-template: README.md

![Hacktoberfest themed banner for repo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89431059/194469940-b753d9d3-7d63-4b22-b144-76afbf228a92.png)

> 

Reviewer: Can you remove this extra line?

# React + Eui Template for An Event Website

This is a template for an event based website. The website was created for an event my ERG is hosting ([Rainbow Stack Summit](https://www.rainbowstacksummit.com/)), but I decided to make its repository so others could contribute to it and use it as well!

This is all very much Work In Progress, so if you have any comments or ideas, or want to contribute, feel free to create an issue.

## Demo

View a live demo of the site hosted on [Vercel](https://eui-event.vercel.app/)

## Running Locally

> - Fork the project

Reviewer: So i actually think it's worth noting here that you can either "use the template" or "fork/clone", and they're separate things. Perhaps call out that if you want to use this for your own purposes, select the `Use the template` option, and if you're interested in contributing you'll need to `fork`.

- Clone the project by running `git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/eui-event-template.git`
- Cd to the repo on your local machine - `cd eui-event-template`
- Install dependencies by - Run `yarn install`
- Run `yarn start dev` to start the project
- Go to localhost:3000 in your browser to view it!

## Connect Google Sheets with your app

Follow these steps to connect your google sheets file with the app.

- **Create a google sheet**
 1. Go to https://docs.google.com/ and create a blank sheet

>  2. Add name, title, team, location, shortBio, pronouns, imageLink headers in the sheet (make sure the order of headers is same as in the example sheet provided below).

Reviewer: It is important to note that the this should be done on the `Speakers` tab.

 3. Populate the sheet with some data.
    ``` 
    Data Schema
    name : string
    title: string
    team: string
    location: string
    shortBio: string
    pronouns: string
    imageLink: string (url of hosted image)
    ```

>   4. Change the sheet name to "Speakers" (Sheet name "Speakers" is case sensitive).

Reviewer: I know the old docs said "sheet name" but it should actually say "tab name", so can you make that update please?

Author: Shall I change `sheet` to `tab` for wherever the word sheet is mentioned or only for this instance?

Reviewer: @krupalitrivedi i believe only in this instance - as sheet is sometimes the correct term, but tab is the right word for a section of the sheet

 4. Delete all the code from the editor (inside Code.gs file).
```
        function doGet(req) {
            if(req.parameters.sheetName == "Speakers") {
                return getSpeakersData()
            } else if(req.parameters.sheetName == 'Talks') {
                return getTalksData()
            }
        }

        // speaker requestHandler
        function getSpeakersData() {
            var doc = SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSpreadsheet()
            var sheet = doc.getSheetByName("Speakers")
            var values = sheet.getDataRange().getValues()
            
            var output = []
            for(var i=1; i<values.length; i++) {
                var row = {}
                row['name'] = values[i][0]
                row['title'] = values[i][1]
                row['team'] = values[i][2]
                row['location'] = values[i][3]
                row['shortBio'] = values[i][4]
                row['pronouns'] = values[i][5]
                row['imageLink'] = values[i][6]

                output.push(row)
            }

            return ContentService.createTextOutput(JSON.stringify({speakers: output})).setMimeType(ContentService.MimeType.JSON)
        }

>         // talk requestHandler

Reviewer: I think you might need to make sure you've fetched the most recent version of `main` because this part is missing in your PR and it's very important to have!

            for(var i=1; i<values.length; i++) {
                var row = {}
                row['date'] = values[i][0]
                row['time'] = values[i][1]
                row['title'] = values[i][2]
                row['description'] = values[i][3]
                row['genre'] = values[i][4]
                row['speaker'] = values[i][5].split(',')
                row['speakersImageLink'] = values[i][6].split(',')
                output.push(row)
            }

            return ContentService.createTextOutput(JSON.stringify({talks: output})).setMimeType(ContentService.MimeType.JSON)
        var doc = SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSpreadsheet()
        var sheet = doc.getSheetByName("Speakers")
        var values = sheet.getDataRange().getValues()
        
        var output = []
        for(var i=1; i<values.length; i++) {
            var row = {}
            row['name'] = values[i][0]
            row['title'] = values[i][1]
            row['team'] = values[i][2]
            row['location'] = values[i][3]
            row['shortBio'] = values[i][4]
            row['pronouns'] = values[i][5]
            row['imageLink'] = values[i][6]

            output.push(row)
        }

>         // post requests

Reviewer: this part as well

# React + Eui Template for An Event Website

> This is a template for an event based website. The website was created for an event my ERG is hosting ([Rainbow Stack Summit](https://www.rainbowstacksummit.com/)), but I decided to make its repository so others could contribute to it and use it as well!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a template for an event-based website. The website was created for an event my ERG was hosting ([Rainbow Stack Summit](https://www.rainbowstacksummit.com/)), but I decided to make its own repository so others can contribute to it and use it as well!
```
